[theme tune intro playing]
[digital sputtering and beeping]
-[upbeat synthesizers come in]
-[whooshing]
♪ Here we are ♪
♪ Going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[digital typing, beeping]
TRIPLE TROUBLE
[groans]
Oh no, missed again!
[mechanical whirring]
Watch out.
If the Scyphozoa pulls
Aelita into the way tower, it's all over.
We can say goodbye to the Mountain Sector,
and then, bye-bye Lyoko too.
We get the picture, Einstein.
[action music]
[engine rumbling]
[engine revs]
[shouts]
[grunts]
Triplicate!
[whirring]
Impact!
Laser arrow!
[groans]
[grunts]
[gasps]
Super sprint!
There you go, princess.
Hey, what am I here?
A groupie?
[theme music]
[Ulrich] That makes twelve for me.
Anyone top that?
-[Aelita] I got ten. Yumi?
-[Yumi] Not many, only fifteen.
Odd, how many of XANA's monsters
did you wipe out this week?
Two.
That's all? What's going on?
What's your problem?
You know darn well.
You all got super powers.
Telekinesis, super sprint, triplicate,
you can all make stuff appear.
Me, I've got zilch!
[Odd over headset] The only power
I ever had was future flash,
and it got wiped out when
Jeremy was updating the supercomputer.
And he never reprogrammed it
because it was, I quote, "useless."
So just knock it off with your high scores
and low scores, okay?
[mechanical whirring]
[unintelligible chatter]
[light music]
[unintelligible chatter, laughing]
He's still sulking, I guess.
[groans]
I don't believe it!
Is the whole world trying
to bring me down or what?
Hey. Look, I'm on your side.
I put a little something together
that's bound to cheer you up, Odd.
I hope it's nothing to eat,
'cause you're an awful cook.
No, it's a special power just for you
and nobody else: teleportation.
You're the best, Einstein.
If I were a girl,
I'd propose to you immediately.
[ambient music]
[static zapping]
[grunts]
I'm standing by, Jeremy.
[Jeremy] This new power will allow you
to travel instantly over short distances.
[Odd over headset]
Cool. How does it work?
First, you have to visualize the place
you want to go to. Okay?
Like that big mountain, for instance?
[Jeremy over headset] Sure, why not?
Next, you activate the program by saying
the word, "teleportation."
Okay.
Teleportation!
Wow!
Fantastic!
No, not fantastic at all.
[groans]
Looks like something's bugged up.
Okay, I'll try again.
No, wait!
Teleportation!
[gasps]
Yoo hoo.
Aren't you happy to see me?
Yeah, but honestly,
one of you would have been enough.
Look up there.
[tense music]
And there.
[Odd gasps]
Jeremy, I take back my marriage proposal.
Nobody panic. It's only a minor bug.
[Jeremy] I'll rematerialize you.
[groaning]
Odd, what's wrong?
I… I…
Fooled you that time, didn't I?
[laughs]
Unbelievable. What a total meathead!
[gasps]
[groaning]
We know, "Fooled us that time."
How'd you know what I was gonna say?
[groaning]
What's wrong? What's going on?
[groans]
[gasps]
[theme music]
[Odd] Look on the bright side.
Now you've got two more great buddies.
[both] That's right.
Get real.
That's three times as many bad jokes.
And two too many Odd Della Robbias
at school.
Why don't the two Odds lay low here
to stop anyone from getting suspicious,
and the other Odd can go to school
as usual, and everything will be cool.
Good idea. I'll stay here and try to
find out what went wrong. Okay?
No way, José. It's lunch time and we're
starved. It's meatballs and gravy time.
[all grunt]
What if we hid in my room
and went to the lunchroom one at a time?
[both Odds] Great idea. Nice one, Odd.
Thanks a lot, guys.
I thought of it, so me first. Okay?
No, me! I'm too hungry to wait.
Forget it. Me first. I'm starved!
Stop. Leave this to me, okay?
Eeny meeny miney mo, catch a Della Robbia
by the toe, you go.
Cool!
-[birds chirping]
-[light music]
[Odd] Yo, Jimbo. How's it goin'?
Fine. Thank you, Della Robbia,
but watch your tone.
Don't get too familiar. The name's Jim.
Yo Jimbo, how's it goin'?
Fine. Thank you, Della Robbia,
but watch your tone. Don't…
[gasps]
-[door closes]
-[grunts]
[birds chirping]
[light music]
-[grunts]
-Hey, Jimbo, how's it goin'?
[grunts]
I'm… not that great.
Actually, I think I might even
go lie down for a little while.
Rosa, you look beautiful today.
[Odd] Have you ever thought of becoming
like a model or something?
-Because you're--
-Save it, will you, Odd?
[Rosa] I'll give you an extra helping,
just spare me the baloney.
[grunting]
[Odd grunting with pleasure]
[all groaning in disgust]
[grunts]
Well, what? I can't keep
my two best friends waiting now, can I?
Yeah!
[grunting]
[yipping]
Next. Bon appétit!
Rosa, you look beautiful today.
Don't push it, Odd.
You already got a huge plate of meatballs.
I'll give you some more potatoes,
but that's it. Move on!
[grunting]
[sighs]
Yeah!
It's your turn.
Rosa!
All right, not another word. That's it.
If the other kids
ate as much as you do, the lunchroom
would have gone under a long time ago.
[groans]
[theme music]
[Ulrich]
Hey, gym class starts in five minutes.
Get going.
Who's the lucky winner?
Count me out. It's not good exercising
on a full stomach. I don't wanna be sick.
You took so many helpings
that we had to go hungry!
-That's right, you selfish hog!
-What? Me, selfish?
After I wolfed down my lunch
as fast as I could?
If that's how you feel, I'm outta here!
[grunts]
Well, I'm going to the movies.
Now that I have clones,
I can skip class and get away with it.
No you don't. Not so fast, pal.
I haven't eaten anything, so I'm going
for takeout, and you're going to class.
Are you kidding me?
-Hey, that's my money!
-No way, it's mine!
Go on, go then,
and I hope you choke on your burger!
[grunts]
[birds chirping]
[Jim] Della Robbia,
I must have seen you everywhere today…
-[Jim] Except in gym class!
-[groans]
[Jim] So listen up now, young man.
Get to the gym now and work up a sweat
or you're gonna have something else
to sweat about!
[groans]
[comedic horn]
[light music]
[sighs]
[Jim] Contrary to what some of you
smart alecks might believe,
throwing a discus has nothing to do
with throwing out a CD
that you're tired of listening to.
No, it is an Olympic dynamic discipline
that requires strength, skill, muscular
coordination and above all, a discus.
[digital scanning]
Oh no!
[light music]
Hello, what do you have
in cheap movie guide magazines?
Well, the cheapest one
is a buck and a half.
I've got one left.
Nothing for 75 cents?
No.
Wheelchair Zombie Four,
beginning at 2:30… Great!
What do you think you're doing?
[man] This isn't a public library!
Hey, come back!
[phone ringing]
[phone continues ringing]
This had better be important, Jeremy.
I found out how to solve
this teleportation bug problem.
The three of you each have to
get into a scanner together
in order to fuse you back into one
during the virtualization.
Okay, I get it.
For once, it sounds really easy.
I wish it was
but there's a little problem.
Your three entities are unstable.
[Jeremy through phone]
At a certain point,
all three of you could disappear
into thin air, understand?
That's horrible. What do we have to do?
Get back here to the computer lab right
now, you and the terrible twins.
If any of you is missing,
the fusion is impossible.
Okay, don't worry. I'll go find them.
[Mrs. Hertz] A circuit in series
differs from a circuit in parallel,
in that any single bulb
that is missing from the circuit
will cut the flow of electricity.
Watch this demonstration.
[grunts]
[tense music]
Let's put this into practice.
After all,
actions speak louder than words.
And so, here's a demonstration for you.
[digital scanning]
[alert beeping]
Oh great, that's all we need!
[tense music continues]
[phone ringing]
Okay, Jeremy. I'm on it.
So you bend your knees like this,
[Jim] into a position which keeps
your shifting weight in balance,
your arm holding the discus
outstretched like this.
Behind you, Jim.
There's something weird right behind you!
Look!
Listen up, Herb, I was not born yesterday!
What are you trying to pull?
[grunting]
[laughing]
Now that is what I call having a hard day!
[all gasping]
This is XANA's doing.
Let's get to the factory.
[gasps]
[shouting]
[tense music]
[groans]
[Odd] No!
-Odd!
-We have to get him out of here.
Okay. You wouldn't happen to have
a pair of wings on you?
What we've got to do
is deactivate the tower.
If we stay here,
we'll all end up as statues.
The north entrance is still
a no-smoke zone.
I'll tell Jeremy about Odd.
Yes, Ulrich? Petrified? Where?
That means a change in plans.
[phone ringing]
Jeremy?
What?
That's we need. And what's more,
the other me isn't in my room.
Well, you'd better find him and then go
get number three who's petrified on campus
or else you'll never be able to be
reunited and become one and the same.
[Odd] Great idea,
but how should I know where he went?
Figure it out.
What would you do with your day
if you were you?
Me? Well, I'd either go to the movies
or to Presto Burger.
-There you go. Now you know where to look.
-[Odd] Okay.
[mechanical whirring]
[Aelita through headset]
Jeremy, we're here.
Okay, I'll start up the virtualization.
Transfer Aelita. Transfer Yumi.
Transfer Ulrich.
[Jeremy through headset] Scanner Aelita.
Scanner Yumi. Scanner Ulrich.
Movie or Presto Burger… Movie or
Presto Burger… Movie or Presto Burger.
Not you again! Get over here.
I wanna give you a piece of my mind!
What's that?
You mean I've been here already?
Yeah, and if you're planning to read
another movie magazine for free,
you better think again.
You mean like this magazine here?
Yeah. You better cough up the money,
because you're not gonna scam me again.
Wheelchair Zombie Four
at 2:30 at the Majestic!
Hey, where you going? Get back here!
[Jeremy through computer] Virtualization.
[static zapping]
I see it.
The activated tower is over there.
[tense music]
[groans]
[grunts]
[humming]
Can't I have two minutes on my own?
No, because we need each other's company.
[theme music]
[tense music]
Well, they say smoking is dangerous
for your health.
Better not hang around.
Where's Odd number three?
On the other side of the science building,
according to Jeremy.
Okay, I guess the best way to go is up.
[gasps]
This is crazy. We can't move. We're stuck!
Hang on.
[powering up]
[grunts]
Go on, Ulrich.
Super sprint!
[grunting]
Aelita, watch out behind you!
[groans]
[tense music]
[gasps]
[Odd] He's right down there.
Now, we've gotta bring him back.
Well, if Tarzan can do it,
so can we, right?
Just what I was thinking.
[panting]
[tense music continues]
[grunting]
We're good. Pull us up.
[action music]
Super sprint!
[shouting]
Thanks a lot.
The pleasure is all mine.
-Well, what do we do now?
-[grunts]
We have to get back
to the smoke free section down there.
-I've got an idea.
-I think I just read your mind.
Go ahead. The coast is clear.
Ulrich, watch out!
[gasps]
[groans]
[Odd] One, two, and three.
[shouting]
[Odd] Okay, your turn!
[grunts]
[shouting]
-Hey, it works.
-Sure it did. What did you expect?
Better than Tarzan.
[panting]
Energy field!
[action music]
Super sprint.
[groans]
It wasn't enough that they shoot at us.
Now they're trying to run us over.
That's really not fair.
[tense music]
Hurry up!
[Odd] Oops, sorry.
There are times when it pays
to have a head as hard a rock.
It's between the two of you now, Aelita.
Yes, I know, and he's pretty tough.
[buzzing]
[gasps]
[tense music]
To think that I do everything I can
to get out of gym!
About time.
Any longer, and I'd have gone
to the missing person's bureau.
[theme music]
[Yumi over headset] We're okay, Jeremy.
The Della Robbia family has been reunited
[Jeremy] Perfect.
[Jeremy] Transfer Odd.
Transfer Odd. Transfer Odd.
Scanner Odd. Scanner Odd. Scanner Odd.
Virtualization.
[static zapping]
[Jeremy through computer] Well, Odd?
I suddenly feel a little lonely,
but that's cool.
You're the best, Einstein.
[Jeremy through computer]
Of course I am. Did you have any doubts?
[tense music]
Energy field!
[Odd] Step aside, Aelita.
Let an expert do the job.
[Odd] Yeah!
Get ready, Aelita!
[tense music continues]
[shouts]
My lady's tower is straight ahead.
[echoing beeps]
[gasps]
[ethereal music]
[grunting]
Hurry, Aelita!
[beeping]
[Ulrich through headset]
Everything okay, Jeremy?
No sweat.
[Jeremy] Just have to launch
the return to the past.
[powering up]
-[birds chirping]
-[unintelligible chatter]
[Jeremy] I finally understood what went
wrong with the teleportation process.
If you want, I can reboot the program
with no bugs this time.
-No, thanks.
-You sure?
Yeah, I sure am.
You saw that last battle of mine?
I am a top gun, a real fighting machine.
I mean,
a guy like me doesn't need special powers.
Yeah, you're strong,
very funny and handsome,
but most of all, you're modest.
Right. You hit the nail right on the head.
In fact, you might say
that I'm… one of a kind.
[theme music]